Why do we use PI Objectives? - 85

----------------------------------------------------------

13 - ART Kanban
21 - WIP limits
7 - What problems will the solution solve
8 - Design
9 - They explore, integrate, deploy,and release new value during each iteration.

https://mysafe.scaledagile.com/home
URL: https://elearning.izenbridge.com/
User : vineelaganapa@gmail.com
password: Srivasa@123

-----------------------
28,32,118
89 ART planning board
The Team Kanban promotes collaboration and facilitates flow
122 - PO team sync
143 PO Sync
POs communicate adjustments to their teams after the sync.
45 - Solution Vision IMP
What is a Solution Vision? 45

53 - Epic, feature, story, enabler
64 -kanban
144 - PO Sync helps
PI Planning can reveal opportunities to release value sooner 90
13. The ART Kanban facilitates flow through the Continuous Delivery Pipeline
37. What is one acitivity an Agile Team performs during Iteration Review? - Demonstrate a working, tested team increment.

When are adjustments made to the inital sequencing of stories? - At Iteration boundaries

What is the primary focus of an Operational Value Stream? - Delivering end-user value.
Where are workflows,activities and required automation represented? - In the Continuous Delivery Pipeline.
What is commonly used to explore new ideas or determine the feasibility of Epics? - Spikes
What is one tool that identifies specific practices for potential improvement? - Competency assessments
Which of the following is an Agile Manifesto principle? - Working software is the primary measure of progress.
Who should attend the PO Sync? - The POs, PM and other stakeholders as needed.
What is one purpose of Iteration Goals? - To align team members to a common purpose.
During PI Planning, which activity happens after dependencies are resolved and risks are addressed? - Confidence vote.
Where are systems, people who do the work, and the flow of information and materials represented? - Within a Value Stream.
ART planing board shows dependencies during PI planning.
SAfe Team kanban promote Collaboration.
PO comminicate to their teams Adjustments after PO Sync.
Outcome of the Iteration Retrospective - Improvement items in the Team backlog.
Who often participates as the ART's Business Owners to approve the team's PI Objectives? - Product Management 
Which concept provides a set of tools that supports teh creation of /features? - Flow accelaration
What element improves when Features and Stories are related to personas? - Design

Where can Product Management find information about when a specific Epic will be completed? - The System Architecture designs 

What does Continuous Exploration help Product Management understand? - Customer needs and market problems
What can assist in facilitating Team Flow? - WIP limits
What is one responsibility area of a Product Owner? - Getting and applying feedback, Prioritizing the Team Backlog......

When are adjustments made to the initial sequencing of stories? - 

Which of the following questions does a Vision answer? - What Problems will the solution solve............

What is commonly used to explore new ideas or determine the feasibility of Epics? - 

What enables flow through the Continuous Delivery Pipeline? - The ART Kanban

Which increment is reviews at the System demo? - Portfolio increment

How do Agile Teams carry out Continuous Delivery Pipeline activities during the PI? They explore, integrate,deploy and release new value during each Iteration.



What can be revealed during PI Planning - Opportunity to release value sooner.
Which statement is true about the SAFe backlog model - Features are in the ART Backlog.
What is one responsibility of the Product Owner - Prioritizing the Team Backlog.
What is one influence on the vision? - Strategic Themes
Who communicates the vision during PI planning? - Product Management
What is the anti-pattern related to System demo? - Team demos are accepted in place of a System demo to avoid redundancy.
Which SAFe Core Value is demonstrated when explaining why the top 10 features were chosen for PI Planning? - Transparency.
What is one benefit of PI Planning? - It aligns ART demand to capacity
Which role provides processes and tools to integrate and evaluate work products early and often? - System Team
What work-item can be split from Epics? - Features
What is one responsibility of Product Management? - Managing the ART Backlog
How can Product Management leverage market rhythms? - Adjust the delivery of Features to meet market needs.
Which statement is true about Weighted Shortest Job First? - It considers the cost of delay and teh job size.
During which event does the team proveiew and elaborate on upcoming stories? - Backlog Refinement.
What is the recommended structure for writing User Stories? - AS a....,I want....So that...
Which event involves teams working on new ideas often added to the ART Kanban? - Hackathon
When is a Story considered complete? - It satisfies the Definition of Done.

what is one benefit using PI Objectives? - To obtain immediate feedback from Business Owners

Benefits of PI planning 43
Why do we use PI Objectives? 85
147 - Safe core values - Alignment, transparency, Respect for people, Relentless improvement
146
Communicate the top 10 Features 79
Collaboration with other ART roles34

103
Hackathon 150
ART planning board
When is a Story complete? 106
153,154,155,156 - learn